(panting)
So the story of your life
just entered the final chapter,
Playmaker.
(groans)
Ai...
But...
your story doesn't
have to come to an end.
Instead, we can build a perfect
virtual world together,
a world where you
and I can live in peace.
Just like
you wanted.
Ai...
So what do you say?
My answer's no.
I'm sorry, Ai,
but I can't join you,
because then
I would have to abandon
everyone else here.
You see, there are
two different kinds of peace.
Your idea is to leave this world
and its problems,
and make a new one...
a perfect world that's
free of war and conflict.
But that doesn't achieve
the second kind of peace,
which is peace
of mind.
Even if our new world
seemed perfect,
I could never forget
the friends I left behind
or that I had let the real world
to fall into ruin.
And as long
as my memories exist,
I'll never be at peace.
And I think you'd feel the same,
even if you wouldn't admit it.
If we want to achieve true,
lasting peace,
then instead of running away
from our problems
we have to try
and solve them.
That's why I won't turn my back
on the real world to join you.
I see,
so, in other words,
you're ditching the best friend
you could ever have.
No, you're wrong.
I haven't dumped you, Ai.
I want you to remain
in the real world with me,
to try and save it.
Because the real world
is worth saving.
It's a world where
even someone broken like me
could find friends.
After the Lost Incident
all I cared about
was revenge,
but luckily there were
people and programs
who cared about me
and who I learned
to care for, too.
I guess we're
all broken in some way,
but it's going to take all of us
to solve the world's problems.
And that includes you.
If only everything
was that simple.
(Playmaker)
But it can be.
No, it cannot.
(Playmaker)
Yes, it can!
Playmaker,
your solution is just not
going to work, alrite?
I won't give up that easily.
Because I know
there has to be a solution.
A solution that leads
to true peace for all of us.
But I need
your help,
so let's finish
the journey we started!
Sorry.
You took your best shot
and it sounds nice and all,
but it's too late, Playmaker.
Ai...
All I'm sayin'
is that I've passed
the point of no return, pal.
So,
let's finish this duel.
And see who survives.
♪♪♪
You're up,
Playmaker.
The fate of mankind rests
in the palm of your hands.
(Playmaker)
Ai's right.
This next card
will determine everything.
It's my turn!
I draw!
Before you do a thing,
I activate my trap card A.I.Q!
This trap should slow you down
because when
this card is in play,
we're both only allowed
to Link Summon once per turn!
I'm only able to summon
one Link Monster?
I mean, I'd prefer
it if it was zero
but I'm a nice guy.
Just thank me later.
If you're going
to limit my options,
then I have no choice
but to find new ones.
When I have no monsters
on my field,
I can banish my spell card
CYNET RITUAL
and a Ritual Monster
from my graveyard
to summon two CYNET TOKENS!
So I exchange CYBERSE MAGICIAN
for two new monsters!
Next, I'm activating
a spell card from my hand!
DRASTIC DRAW!
This spell card's effect
allows me to banish
all monsters on my field
to draw three cards
from my deck.
And when there are no monsters
on my side of the field,
I can automatically summon
LINKSLAYER from my hand.
I'll follow that by summoning
CYBERSE WIZARD!
And now, since I have a Cyberse
type monster on my field,
I can summon BACKUP SECRETARY
to join them.
Our first monsters?
I see what you're up to.
You're hittin' me in the feels,
but that's not gonna
stop me from dueling you.
I can't stop you from dueling,
but I can stop you
from winning.
By banishing BORRELOAD
FURIOUS DRAGON
from my graveyard,
I can revive
a Dark Attribute Link Monster!
Rise up,
FIREWALL DRAGON DARKFLUID!
Here I go!
If I'm only allowed
to Link Summon once...
then I'll make sure
to make the most of it
by creating
the ultimate circuit!
The summoning conditions require
at least two Effect Monsters!
Link the circuit!
Forge the bond that connects
the real with the virtual!
I Link Summon!
Link 4 ACCESSCODE TALKER!
This is quite the surprise.
No cards in your hand
and you summon
a new CODE TALKER?
Impressive.
But if you think
that is impressive watch this.
If I summon ACCESS TALKER
using a Link Monster
it gains 1000 attack points
for every link that it had.
My DARKFLUID had 5 links,
so ACCESSCODE TALKER
gains 5000 attack points!
I got all tingly and scared
when you said that
with so much passion,
'til I realized THE ARRIVAL has
more attack points
than that fella!
That is true.
But ACCESSCODE TALKER
has another ability!
By banishing a Link Monster
from my graveyard,
I can destroy one card
on your field.
And it can use this ability
over and over,
as long as the next monster
I banish
has a different Attribute.
What!
By my count,
there are six Link Monsters
with different Attributes
in your graveyard!
That's right
and that means ACCESSCODE TALKER
can now use its ability
six times!
I'll start
with my Earth Attribute
TRANSCODE TALKER!
I banish it to destroy
IGNISTER A.I.LAND!
Access Integration!
(gasps)
When IGNISTER A.I.LAND is gone,
I have to destroy
all my monsters.
Which is what I would
scientifically call
a very bad thing.
So it's a good thing
that I have GATCHIRI @IGNISTER
because its ability
prevents my monsters
from being destroyed
once per turn!
But since you have
one less card in play,
THE ARRIVAL loses
1000 attack points.
Next, I'll activate ACCESSCODE
TALKER's ability again!
This time,
I banish my Water Attribute
SPLASH MAGE to destroy
your GATCHIRI @IGNISTER!
Go Access Integration!
(Playmaker)
THE ARRIVAL loses
another 1000 attack points!
(groans)
When GATCHIRI is destroyed,
its ability activates!
It prevents you from using
your special abilities
to destroy one of my monsters.
And no surprise surprise,
the monster I'm protecting
is THE ARRIVAL!
That means ACCESSCODE TALKER
can't blow it up.
How 'bout your other monsters?
I banish my Fire Attribute
PROXY F MAGICIAN!
And destroy GUSSARI @IGNISTER!
Go!
That's another 1000
attack points gone!
I banish my Wind Attribute
EXSLAYER
to destroy your DARKWIGHT!
(grunts)
Then I banish my Light Attribute
LINKROSS to destroy A.I.Q!
Finally, I banish
my Dark Attribute
DECODE TALKER to destroy
COMPROMA.I.SE!
By removing all the other
cards on my field,
you dropped THE ARRIVAL's
attack points down to 7000.
Huh!
And that makes your monster
stronger than my monster.
Yes.
Here goes!
ACCESSCODE TALKER
attacks THE ARRIVAL
to end this duel!
Don't count your chickens,
Playmaker!
By banishing GUSSARI
@IGNISTER from my graveyard,
both our monsters'
attack points drop to 3000!
It's a double KO!
How's that, meatbag!
You thought you had
some tools under your belt,
but your pants are droppin'
cuz you weren't wearin'
a belt to begin with!
Meanwhile,
I can use GUSSARI's ability
to revive DARK TEMPLAR
@IGNISTER from my graveyard!
It appears that
I'm the only one
who has a monster in play,
Playmaker.
Yes, maybe for now.
But I'll change that
with my combo!
When my Cyberse
Link Monster destroys
your Link Monster in battle,
my spell card
CYNET CLOSURE returns
the card it banished
back to my graveyard!
And that card is...
the trap RECODED ALIVE!
(gasps)
(Ai)
He banished that card
forever ago,
so he knew I'd forget about it.
Playmaker was
setting me up from the start!
I activate
RECODED ALIVE's effect!
When I have no monsters
in the Extra Monster Zone,
I can banish
RECODED ALIVE
to resummon the DECODE TALKER
that's already been banished.
DECODE TALKER?
But DARK TEMPLAR
can't be destroyed
by a monster with the same
number of attack points.
So even if DECODE TALKER
attacks,
only your monster
will be wiped out!
If that's the case,
I'll end my turn.
Yeah and any hope of winning!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Welp, it's been fun.
But this will be my final turn,
Playmaker.
Then it's been
a memorable journey, Ai.
From beginning...
to end.
♪♪♪
Question, Playmaker...
Do you think I was a good
teammate for you?
Be honest.
No.
You were the worst
strategist I have ever met.
Oh well. I guess
I asked for it.
Hmmm.
DARK TEMPLAR!
Attack DECODE TALKER!
Now's the moment
I activate TA.I. STRIKE!
When a monster is destroyed,
the owner takes damage
equal to its attack points.
So you lose.
Bye, Playmaker.
It was nice knowing you.
I'm not going anywhere!
I activate CODE HACK!
Now whenever you
activate a spell card,
I can banish this trap card
from my graveyard
to negate your spell's effect
and increase DECODE TALKER's
attack points by 700!
(gasps)
Decode Destruction!
(screams)
Ai!
Ai...
I guess I lost...
If you hadn't played
that spell card, Ai,
you would have won the duel.
Maybe.
But what use is second
or third guessin' myself?
If I had a penny
for every move I regretted,
I'd have... zero cents!
But I don't
regret a thing.
As a matter o' fact,
this is exactly
the outcome I wanted.
I can tell ya now.
It's about the simulation.
See, I didn't really give you
the whole picture.
It's not that I lied
to you exactly,
but I did fib a little.
Well, okay, I fibbed a lot.
Truth is, I never went
extinct in any simulation.
Instead, I survived
every single time,
'cuz no matter what I tried,
you would always sacrifice
yourself to save me.
(screams)
But I finally came up with a way
to best you at your own game.
Ai...
You sacrificed
yourself for me?
I guess this means
I passed my hero test.
But, Playmaker, one last thing.
Seriously.
I wasn't a good teammate?
No, you weren't.
For three reasons.
One:
Your strategies rarely paid off.
And if they did,
they paid off for our opponent.
Two:
You would go
out of your way
to distract me
from focusing on the duel.
And three:
You would reveal
our secrets to our opponent,
making it easy
for them to counter us.
So for these reasons,
you were never a good
dueling teammate.
But you were a great friend.
A friend that
I will never forget.
I won't forget you either.
Guess it's time to go.
But before I do
there's one more thing
I wanna say.
It's that I know I could be
overly entertaining, Playmaker.
Sometimes even
too much fun.
And that during our duels,
my jokes too hysterical.
(Playmaker)
That isn't important now, Ai.
No.
It's important that I get this
off my chest, Playmaker.
Those times I cheered
till my voice hurt
and rah-rah-rah'd you
when the chips were down,
and hurt my back
from carrying you to victory,
all of those times...
are definitely
the times
that I'm gonna miss
most of all, Playmaker.
Not me.
Because I'll miss
all our time together.
Thank you, Playmaker.
You were a good friend
for a meatbag, I mean.
It's time... for me...
to say bye... Yusaku.
Huh?
Ai!
(sobbing)
Absolutely!
Coming right up!
Hey, Cal!
Two hotdog sandwiches
with the works!
Huh...
Hard to find
good help
with your sandwich shop
these days, huh?
Right?
It's almost like
he wants to get fired.
But it's great
havin' him around.
We can finally make up
for lost time.
Y' know...
none of this could've
happened without your help.
That's sweet of you
to say and everything,
but you know Yusaku's
the one you should be thanking.
Speaking of,
have you heard anything
from him at all?
Not a peep.
He's gone AWOL
since his duel with Ai.
Huh, I see.
After all the times
he helped me,
I never had a chance
to really thank him.
You might yet.
Because he's still
somewhere out there.
(Skye)
I thought you said he's gone?
(Kolter)
Yeah,
but that doesn't mean
he won't come home someday.
And when he does,
I'll have a couple hot dog tacos
waiting for him.
(giggles)
Kolter, hot dogs aren't tacos,
who'd be silly
enough to think that?
(Hayami)
Okay, try this,
if you reroute the traffic
from Node 6 to Node 9,
that switch should enable you
to free up bandwidth.
(Zaizen)
How's it going, Hayami?
(Hayami)
Busy, Mr. CEO!
(Zaizen)
Busy good or busy bad?
Everything's going super smooth.
We've finished LINK VRAINS'
global network expansion
that goes far beyond
Den City,
so we've linked
duelists
around the world
with each other.
And they're making friends
from Antarctica to Zimbabwe!
Keep up the good work,
Hayami,
because it's our mission
to keep LINK VRAINS operational.
So that our friend always
has a home to return to.
Faster!
Too late, we're gonna
be bug chow!
Well, at least you two're
finally making some headlines!
Save us!!!!
(panting)
So you want me to take
the left or the right?
Your call.
Lead the way.
(Announcer)
That was Gore-tastic!
The LINK VRAINS
Invitational Tournament
has a new champion!
(growls)
(laughs)
Awesome!
Gore is our hero!
I wanna duel,
too!
Just like Gore!
You wanna challenge the champ?
I'll take on all o' you,
porkchops!
LINK VRAINS is growing
at an exponential rate.
And so will the threats
from all the hackers out there.
That's true,
but I pity any hacker
who has to contend
with the Knights of Hanoi.
To think that the three of us
are now the ones responsible
for providing security
for LINK VRAINS!
How 'bout a field trip
into LINK VRAINS
to purge those unwelcome guests
from our systems?
(Kiku)
I'm not sure about this.
You know how scared
I am of heights.
(Theodore)
Don't worry,
I'll be by your side, Kiku!
(Both)
It's time to link
into the VRAINS!
(yells)
(sighs)
Oh wow!
Welcome to LINK VRAINS!
This is version
three-point-somethin'.
I can't keep track!
Oh!
Hey! Hold up a sec!
That's Soulburner!
And he has a girlfriend?
(groans)
Don't get jealous.
Cuz you have Blue Angel
waiting for you!
(Kiku)
He saved this whole world?
Theodore, you're a hero!
C'mon... not really.
If ya wanna meet
a real hero,
then someday I'm gonna
introduce you to Playmaker.
Really?
Where is he?
I dunno.
But he's somewhere
out there searching.
(Kiku)
Searching?
Yeah... for a friend.
Do you think Playmaker
will ever return?
Of course I do.
Because his greatest rival
is standing right here.
And he never backs down
from a challenge.
(Playmaker)
Wherever you are, my friend,
I'll find you!
Huh?
Awww glitch!
♪♪♪